Document formal script syntax (#5336)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/process.md

# Processes

In Nextflow, a **process** is a function that is specialized for executing scripts in a scalable and portable manner.

> Here is an example process definition:

Author: Because the process page is still a bit reference-ish, I feel like a small example is needed at the top to give the user a taste of what is coming. I would be more amenable to removing this example if this page were more focused as a guide

Right now, this page goes through all the variations of the script/shell/exec section, then the stub, before it finally gets to inputs/outputs, and then it simply goes through each input/output type exhaustively. This initial example is basically a band-aid until the overall page is improved

> Here is an example process definition:

Reviewer: Fair - looking at it on the deploy preview it's not as noticeable. I'll resolve this one.

}
```

> In the above example, the process will execute one of several scripts depending on the value of the `mode` parameter. By default it will execute the `tcoffee` command.

Author: Not really, the `script` label is only required if other sections like `input` and `output` are present. This is covered in the syntax page

Hello Mr. c
```

> A native process is very similar to a {ref}`function <syntax-function>`, but provides additional capabilities such as parallelism, caching, and progress logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A native process is very similar to a {ref}`function <syntax-function>`. However, it provides additional capabilities such as parallelism, caching, and progress logging.
```

### Multiple input files

> A `path` input can also accept a collection of files instead of a single value. In this case, the input variable will be a list, and you can use it as such.

Author: "collection" is intentional here as I want to make it very clear that it's a single list item coming in from the input channel, not multiple individual items

> A `path` input can also accept a collection of files instead of a single value. In this case, the input variable will be a list, and you can use it as such.

Reviewer: Updated my suggestion.
